Welcome to interview question number five for product design metrics.
So now we have a new situation here and this one is actually a little less of a conversation and it's
a little more mathematical So you should be able to basically prove your correct answer.
So let's go over the situation that's occurring here.
There's a car company that produces all the cars for a particular country and they produce two models
of cars.
We'll go ahead and call them Car X in car Y.
Now 50 percent of the population drives car X..
And the other 50 percent of the population drives car Y.
So the population is perfectly split between these two models of cars.
Now what happened was two potential technologies have just been discovered that could help reduce gasoline
usage.
So there's two technologies.
Technology and technology and they each apply to a particular model of car.
So technology a increases the MPG or mpg of Car X from 50 miles per gallon to 75 miles per gallon.
Technology increases the mpg of car Y from 10 mpg to 11 miles per gallon.
So the question is which technologies should be implemented to save the most gasoline for the entire
country.
OK.
Let's do a quick little overview to make sure you understand the question and the situation.
So again the situation is that a particular car company produces all the cars for the country Car X
and car Y and that half the population drives car X and half the population drives car Y.
There's two technologies you can implement.
You can only ambulant one of these either technology or technology.
So currently the mpg of Car X is 50 mpg and the current mpg of car Y is 10 miles per gallon.
Remember half the population drives car X half the population drives car Y.
Now the question is if you were to implement technology which increases car X from 50 mpg to 75 75 miles
per gallon would that be better than increasing the mpg of car Y from 10 mpg to 11 miles per gallon.
And keep in mind what the question is asking is which technologies should be implemented to save the
most gasoline overall for the country.
So implemented technology or technology B which one of these overall is going to reduce total gas consumption
for the entire country.
OK.
Best of luck.
We'll go over the solution in the next lecture.